Replaces databases, blog URLs and removes lgtm (#718)
github/securitylab: SecurityExploits/rsyslog/CVE-2018-1000140_snprintf_librelp/README.md

This directory contains a proof-of-concept exploit for a remote code execution vulnerability in [librelp](https://www.rsyslog.com/librelp/). The vulnerability was fixed in librelp version [1.2.15](https://www.rsyslog.com/librelp-1-2-15/), released on 2018-03-22.

> For more information about the vulnerability and for instructions on how to run the proof-of-concept exploit, please see our blog post which is published on both [Rainer Gerhards's blog](https://rainer.gerhards.net/how-we-found-and-fixed-cve-in-librelp) and on the [blog](https://github.blog/category/security/librelp-buffer-overflow-cve-2018-1000140/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the vulnerability and for instructions on how to run the proof-of-concept exploit, please see our blog post which is published on both [Rainer Gerhards's blog](https://rainer.gerhards.net/how-we-found-and-fixed-cve-in-librelp) and on the [blog](https://securitylab.github.com/research/librelp-buffer-overflow-cve-2018-1000140/).
```
